Component versions (#86)
mulesoft/docs-private-cloud: modules/ROOT/pages/prereq-aws-terraform.adoc

. Load the provisioner Docker image into the local Docker registry:
+
----
docker load -i pce2.0-aws-provisioner.gz
----

> . Record the image ID that is displayed by the `docker load` command. This is required in the following step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Record the image ID that is displayed by the `docker load` command.
+
+ This ID is required in the following step.
```

If you are installing Anypoint Private Cloud using the GUI-based installer, you must enable this port before running the installer. You must open this port in the cluster's security group before running the installer using AWS Web Console.

== Destroy Resources

> You can destroy all resources that were created using the provisioner by running the `cluster-deprovision` command, as shown in the following example. Make sure the `TELEKUBE_CLUSTER_NAME` environment variable in your environment file has the correct value for the target cluster you want to destroy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can destroy all resources that were created using the provisioner by running the `cluster-deprovision` command, as shown in the following example. Emsure the `TELEKUBE_CLUSTER_NAME` environment variable in your environment file has the correct value for the target cluster you want to destroy:
```
